Proposed revisions to the v0.2.0 PR (#304)
Element84/sat-tasking-sprint: docs/spec/opportunity/README.md

| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| productId | string | **REQUIRED.** Product identifier ([see Product Object](../product/README.md#product-object)) |

### Opportunity Request Object

The Opportunity Request Body must be an instance of an Opportunity Request
Object. This object is intentionally structured the same as the [Order Request
Object](../order/README.md#order-request-object), less the `order_parameters`
field, such that an Opportunity Request can also be submitted, unmodified, as
an Order Request (except when the Product has one or more required order
parameters).

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |

> | search_parameters | [Search Parameters Object](../search-parameters/README.md) | **REQUIRED.** Parameters for scenes that would meet the Opportunity search's requirements |

Author: I decided to make this change and require the previous body be composed here via the search_parameters property. This retains the previous version's support for using a opportunity search request as an order request without any modifications (aside from any required/necessary order parameters). I strongly believe this decision is the correct one, and because of the significance (very breaking) we should make it now rather than later, and at the same time we break the order payload in the same way.

| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| productId | string | **REQUIRED.** Product identifier ([see Product Object](../product/README.md#product-object)) |

### Opportunity Request Object

> The Opportunity Request Body must be an instance of an Opportunity Request
> Object.

Author: this sentence is rather uninformative, no? Maybe say something like this:

```suggestion
The Opportunity Request object contains the parameters required to perform a search for opportunities.
```

Then move the table here to show the fields _before_ explaining details about those fields.

| limit | integer | The maximum number of Opportunities to return in a single page. See [Paginating an opportunity search](#paginating-an-opportunity-search). |
| next | string | Opaque pagination token identifying the page to return, supplied by the `next` link of a previous response. A client **must not** construct one. See [Paginating an opportunity search](#paginating-an-opportunity-search). |

### Paginating an opportunity search

An opportunity search is submitted with `POST`, so its pagination links cannot
be plain URLs retrieved with `GET`: the next page must be requested with the
same method and a body. A paginated Opportunity Collection therefore returns
pagination links carrying the `method`, `headers`, and `body` fields described
in [additional Link fields](../link/README.md#additional-link-fields), where
`body` repeats the original request with a `next` token added.

`limit` and `next` are the request-body equivalents of the `limit` query
parameter and the opaque page URL described in [API
Pagination](../pagination/README.md):

> - `limit` is supplied by the client on the initial request. It is an integer no

Author: supplied optionally by the client? Also, I think it is also important to state that the server will include the applied limit in the body of a next link, so readers don't think they have to manually inject that into every page request.
